hello and welcome back to my new well
thing about career mode and I should go
back to the past they show you what I
want in fifa15 so the promo has pleased
here so he asked the village they have
her skiing this okay so we don't need to
read all that the main thing I want it
is obviously get sponsors they're pretty
useful so you can just pick off for this
one you can also select team for your
friendly so you select team and just
like choose any but they denied it bro
costing too much money because its
arsenal is so cheap at then so yeah fifa
10 that's good I'm sound off again ok so
it's 41 added this stuff up Greg's we
can actually have training and what puts
all the way at the top except so done
that so got no more money and also I
want this please put this in schedule
train to increase care growth so young
place he'd put if you're not plain you
can just put into training the big grow
then why is not added so he got new
stadium brilliant is much bigger
p zo at this I'll do anything to freeze
at it we chased ticket price place match
now I'm not on all the plans going to be
in the middle
sir pc i am just going to see a whole
new stadiums not the best quality but
this is 2010 don't care call Chelsea
Chelsea close i'll put the graphic so
harmless as andy groaning as well the
idiot great neat i don't be teased for
um going here don't know so that is my
video just some simple things I want and
I'll see you later bye